Hey Karl,
 
Saw that you were just promoted from Sr. Engineer to Staff Engineer, but I wanted to see whether I could persuade you to take an additional jump by checking out an Architect role at a well-funded software product shop called RhinoDox. For personal background – I placed Demetri Maltsiniotis and Mike Davis. Guessing that you’ve gotten some cloud architecture exposure at Echo like the two guys I mentioned. If that’s the case, the opportunity at RhinoDox would give you a chance to really hone those skills and grow into their Chief Architect as the company develops. 
 
For background, RhinoDox is a NoSQL-driven document management software platform looking to add an Architect to help guide their engineering departments through upcoming architectural and technical challenges as the company scales from start-up. RhinoDox leverages a combination linguistics-informed NoSQL (MarkLogic) and .NET MVC to create a platform capable of drawing inferences from stored documents, allowing their product to continuously improve the quality of its own search and suggestion engine. One of the most appealing aspects about the company is that all of their engineers are allowed to work remotely while office space at TechNexus is provided when you want to work together in-person. 
 
Your specific role would be evaluating the possibility of a new API authentication system and architecting a new micro services architecture that leverages Lambda (and therefore migrating the platform to .NET  Core). Specially you’d be replacing a guy named Mike Knuth (https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelknuth), taking his work and bringing that knowledge internal and refactoring code as needed so that the platform is able to scale with new client acquisition. The company emphasizes a culture of encouraging constant learning (their first company value references Yoda) and aims to hire engineers with the talent to grow into their role at the company. On the team you’d be working with Travis Whelan (https://www.linkedin.com/in/travis-whelan-8141792), Marty McKenna (https://www.linkedin.com/in/martinmckenna) and several other engineers who I’ve also placed.
 
Culturally, the company offers a culture of constant learning and a genuine commitment to doing right by their clients. The company is founded and funded by Justin Ullman a serial entrepreneur, ex-software engineer/ linguistics geek, and a founder of the Bucktown Beefsteak https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20150205/bucktown/annual-beefsteak-celebrates-manly-gluttony-buffoonery-for-good-cause, who heavily invested in creating a worthwhile ahead-of-the-curve software platform that he’s now looking to further develop on. He had the initial code base for RhinoDox built out by DragonSpears, one of the top software consultancies in Chicago, but brought on Travis (who moved over from a well-regarded competitor) to lead engineering efforts as they built out an internal team. In short, your role would be specifically to work as the Chief Architect, making core technology decisions, doing R&D, and helping to guide the future of the platform from a tech perspective as they grow the development team
 
What’s your situation? I know you just got promoted, but I think this a pretty special opportunity that would give you the chance to really grow your career with a company that’s well-funded, working with excellent engineers.
 
Let me know,

Ethan
